The only two things I consider worth customizing are the terminal font size, as well as the ability
to scroll in and out in order to zoom in.
So if you're using windows, go to file than settings.
I'm using a mac, so I'll go to IntelliJ, followed by preferences.
And the first thing you want to check is change font size with command mouse wheel.
If you're using windows, it may be this might say something else, but anyways, select the option
under mouse control so that you can zoom in and out of your file and going back.
The next thing you want to adjust is the font.
So right now my terminal has a font size of 25.
If you're starting off your default, font size should be something like 14 or 12, which I think is
too small.
So choose a size that works for you.
I'm going to go with 17.
I think that's the perfect size.
One more thing you can adjust is the appearance of your editor.
I like to use Mac OS lite.
If you want to use another color theme, by all means, feel free to experiment with them.
Here you can see I have the material UI themes, which is something you have to install.
So if you want access to more cool themes, go on, get more themes.
If you want material UI themes specifically go on material UI and install it accordingly.
But if you were to go back to get more themes, you can scroll through each one and look at the preview,
see which one you like and install.
Anyways, I don't really care too much about themes.
Just make sure you just make sure you enable changing the font size using your mouse and you give your
terminal a nice big font.